New Resource: `azurerm_spring_cloud_service` (#4928)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/spring_cloud_service.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "App Platform"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_spring_cloud_service"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Spring Cloud Service
---

# Data Source: azurerm_spring_cloud_service

Use this data source to access information about an existing Spring Cloud Service.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_spring_cloud_service" "example" {
  name                = azurerm_spring_cloud_service.example.name
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
}

output "spring_cloud_service_id" {
  value = "${data.azurerm_spring_cloud_service.example.id}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies The name of the Spring Cloud Service resource.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group where the Spring Cloud Service exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of Spring Cloud Service.

* `location` - The location of Spring Cloud Service.

> * `config_server_git_settings` - One or more `config_server_git_setting` block defined below.

Reviewer: Only one of these allowed
```suggestion
* `config_server_git_settings` - A `config_server_git_setting` block as defined below.
```

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to Spring Cloud Service.

---

The `config_server_git_setting` block supports the following:

* `uri` - The URI of the Git repository

* `label` - The default label of the Git repository, which is a branch name, tag name, or commit-id of the repository

* `search_paths` - An array of strings used to search subdirectories of the Git repository.

* `http_basic_auth` - One or more `http_basic_auth` block defined below.

* `ssh_auth` - One or more `ssh_auth` block defined below.

> * `repositories` - One or more `repository` block defined below.

Reviewer: this is optional, so may be zero or more.  Also, should be singular.
```suggestion
* `repository` - A `repository` block as defined below.
```

---

The `repository` block contains the following:

* `name` - The name to identify on the Git repository.

* `pattern` - An array of strings used to match an application name. For each pattern, use the `{application}/{profile}` format with wildcards.

* `uri` - The URI of the Git repository

* `label` - The default label of the Git repository, which is a branch name, tag name, or commit-id of the repository

* `search_paths` - An array of strings used to search subdirectories of the Git repository.

> * `http_basic_auth` - One or more `http_basic_auth` block defined below.

Reviewer: Max 1
```suggestion
* `http_basic_auth` - An `http_basic_auth` block as defined below.
```

> * `ssh_auth` - One or more `ssh_auth` block defined below.

Reviewer: Max 1
```suggestion
* `ssh_auth` - An `ssh_auth` block as defined below.
```
